Umbraco CI/CD Flow - first take (#5476)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/umbraco-cicd/UmbracoCloudApi.md

# Umbraco Cloud API For Umbraco CI/CD Flow

The Umbraco Cloud API serves as a publicly accessible endpoint that customers can utilize to execute relevant tasks. While its initial focus is on automating and managing deployments in Umbraco Cloud projects via the "Umbraco CI/CD Flow," future enhancements will broaden its capabilities to encompass a wider range of activities and options for Umbraco Cloud users.
For the scope of this discussion, we will concentrate solely on the endpoints associated with interactions within the Umbraco CI/CD Flow. 
To integrate Umbraco Cloud into your CI/CD pipeline, you'll need to make API calls to the following endpoint: [https://api.cloud.umbraco.com](https://api.cloud.umbraco.com):

- /$projectId/deployments
- /$projectId/deployments/$deploymentId
- /$projectId/deployments/$deploymentId/package
- /$projectId/deployments/$latestCompletedDeploymentId/diff

You will find relevant examples using Curl and Powershell in the sections below.

## Getting started

> To integrate Umbraco Cloud into your CI/CD pipeline, you'll need to make API calls to the following endpointhttps://api.cloud.umbraco.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Umbraco Cloud into your CI/CD pipeline, you'll need to make API calls to the following endpoint: https://api.cloud.umbraco.com.
```
